if you have two case studies this funnel
will change your life I'm going to break
down the exact profile funnel that I
personally leverage for myself and my
clients all the numbers of what I've
been able to achieve with this exact
funnel the ad creatives on how you can
make your ads profitable in terms of
targeting creative and how to extract
cash from the market and create high
scalability and profit because we have
to adapt our marketing strategy based on
what people want and are craving for
like two years ago you could have crazy
guarantees and you could promise people
everything and they would buy right now
that's different trust in 2025 is the
new currency so how do we adapt our
marketing funnel to give people its
needs exactly what they desire and need
to create scale let me show you this we
first need a traffic mechanism so you
can run a carousel ad that I will be
showing you the creators of in around 5
to 10 minutes the video ad right and a
one pager these three ads have different
functions when you run a video ad you
want people to follow you on your
profile meaning you need to have a
profitable profile second thing one
pager is the ability to create scale and
get conversions instantly by getting a
DM same counts for the carousel ad this
one just builds up a bit more trust
compared to the one pager because a one
pager is literally just one page with DM
me to word this and people get that
specific DM you manage and hire a growth
specialist for this to convert that
attention that is either coming from
your followers coming from your DMs or
coming from your engagers and we all
send this to one specific profile right
the nurturing mechanism we send this to
ig Facebook or LinkedIn where we have a
content manager that manages all of our
content I don't know why my mouse is not
working all of my content right
specifically when it comes down to Long
firm content IG story sequences and
short firm content just like I do on my
profile right here so if I can show you
this now you can see that I post content
daily every single day and I get
insanely high views right 45k 207k 208k
160k
444k 233 and I also post story sequences
every single day of the things that I'm
grateful for and the things that I do so
when I go to my view archive you see
that I post story sequences every day
and this is important for the conversion
mechanism when you don't have that
conversion you have to imagine that you
let's say you watch my stories you get a
sense of feeling of who I am what I do
what my values are and what my Sol
solution is that I have to present to
you when you see this every single day
there is going to happen something in
your mind where at a certain point
you're going to be like wait I have to
buy from Nick I need to pay this guy to
know the information that he has within
his solution look as you can see here I
made a story sequence over the past 365
days we've been booking 1.5k meetings
and we' have taken
1,00 so when you see this specifically
when we go back to it we collected 1.5m
in the last year exactly with
$400,000 uh backck in Revenue so every
single meeting basically that we right
now book we receive $700 without just
booking then we basically make
954 per meeting taken not closed and we
collect an average of
13,550 then we leverage clim results
imagine people see this there's some
sort of Interest right you have to
imagine right now you're watching this
video for around 2 to 3 minutes and you
already have an idea of who I am what I
do where you basically have a feeling of
okay I like this [__] guy I want to
see more of this or I hate this guy and
you click off right now right which
decreases my retention which is okay
because I need the right people to look
at my videos and most of you guys as you
can see are working 80 hour work weeks
low profit margins extremely complex
infrastructures but what if you will be
able to build a system where you work
with worldclass clients operate on 87%
profit margins have leverage on each of
your components each of the company
departments to create scale where a
players are in place taking care of
every single component and part of the
company after we have a decent content
system we want to run retargeting ads to
that content based on the top of the
funnel ads so we have top of the funnel
ads and we retarget people we get them
back into our content into our ecosystem
constantly constantly to create that
scale either you have warm outbound so
what you do do is you reach out to your
followers is exactly what my sitter is
doing let me show you if I go to my
messages you can see 1 minute 2 minutes
ago 22 I have so many conversations in
here for me to book hundreds of
appointments every single day when we go
back to this you can also get an inbound
based on the cdas that I have with my
stories but you have a conversation at
least the seter has a conversation or
you send them to a dynamic asset no this
is not a vsl this isn't asset that
either provides people The credibility
they need for them to trust you because
you want to R reverse evidence right you
want to reverse evidence you want to
make sure that whenever people either
hop on a call with you or extract
content from you they already trust you
because if that's not the case right now
you won't be able to compete with me
every single person will pay me instead
of you right because there is no Dynamic
asset in place there's no conversion in
place then we have a combo where they
see the dynamic asset and they either
book in a sales call but what if they
don't book in a s skull maybe they need
a lead magnet first to create a bit more
trust and then they book in a Sal skull
but what if they show up on the sales
call and they don't close no problem we
either rebook a second call or we
leverage the follow-up sequence as you
can see here to get them back into the
top of the funnel and that is what's
needed so we have a follow-up sequence
we have this appointment CER
specifically we leverage leap magnets to
minimize losing out on potential in the
bottom of the funnel the red part
because that is where the sales steing
is operating on let me show you this 90%
of the people in the Market let their
sales team do 70% of the conversion 80%
of the conversion and let the marketing
do 20% but I let my marketing do 80% of
the conversion where it makes it very
easy for my lean team that is why I
can't have a team of three people to
just do 20% of the conversion I have 22%
of the people paying in my DMs on
Instagram I have no guarantee for my
offer I I literally don't have a
guarantee and this allows me exactly
this allows me to attract the right
people let me show you the numbers in
January we spent
12,825
2,965 profile visits because we got a 23
Cent per profile visit then we expose
ourselves towards the market to get
these people to our profile but there is
a very low conversion rate only 14%
right will become followers but the same
time not everybody is qualified so we
got five bucks per qualified follower
and this got us around 3,000 qualified
followers My seter reaches out to as
much people as possible meaning we got
seven bucks per conversation, 148 we're
actually qualified we got 146
appointments meaning we have an
appointment booking rate in my market of
83 bucks if you're a fitness coach this
will be a lot lower if you're in a very
specific Niche that will be a lot lower
but nonetheless even if you're in my
market right sales appointment setting
consult coaching right agency it's
extremely low per qualified booking
right a 100 bucks as you can see here 99
per qualified Bo booking meaning we got
123 qualified appointments on my
calendar which is not a lot that is
around like four per day on average
right 4 * 30 is 120 out of the 123 101
we basically showups meaning we have 120
bucks per qualified show up meeting we
have 80% profit margins over
$151,000 cash collected this is one
payment processor this is two payment
proc this is second payment processor we
got one crypto payment and we have
around 20K process through school
meaning we collected
$151,000 in one single month with a
12.4x row as with this exact ad you're
not going to tell me that you're going
to get this with a direct vssl ad it's
technically impossible meaning that we
create conversion and we track systems
based on collecting data through hyros
right making sure that we Define kpis we
analyze refine and moderate results to
create a data cycle for us to create
scale because without data how do you
plan on making more money if you don't
know your numbers most people track with
Facebook ads and what happens is they
have a booking for 200 bucks and they
have a booking they they have another ad
running on 150 bucks per booking they
turn the 200 off but what if the 200 is
giving you more right qualified people
that convert in actual cash you want to
know what ad makes you money not what ad
books you appointments right it's
important but not as important as
looking what makes you actual cash so
high profile visit cost high cost per
follower low follower to conversion rate
high cost per book deployment and a low
show up rate meaning that this system is
booking us appointments for around a 100
bucks per qualified booked appointment
80% show up rate 120 per show meaning we
can absolutely print with this funnel
let's first dive into the video ad we
have two funnels running right now and
one is this exact profile funnel the
second one is entry to asset ads and
these ads are run on slack towards a
direct specific asset if I show you that
right here right now we get bookings as
you can see here through this ad getting
extremely qualified bookings if I show
you my ad sequence right now we
collected as you can see here $9,000
yesterday we collected
another 65 ad which is around1 K which
is around 3K so we total yesterday we
collected 12,000 Us in cash collected
let me just refresh it for you so you
can see that everything is real um 9k
then when we go into our ads manager as
you can see here run specific [__] we
have massive amounts of ads running and
we can see exactly look how many tests I
did over a hundred hooks which is
absolutely ridiculous because people
always say Nick my ads are not working
because you're testing three variants
it's exactly the reason why and you
don't you're you don't know your exact
conversion mechanism so we can see right
now that this one is literally bringing
in extremely high quality meetings for
extremely cheap or cheap 200 bucks 250
bucks but that is high conversion and
extremely Quantified meaning I made a 9k
sale and you can structure this in three
different ways so first of all we have
this as you can see here I just posted
it two hours ago you can literally boost
these polls but unfortunately as most
people talk about follower ads just
clicking here and click boost post boo
real is not going to work anymore you
now have to have a proper profile funnel
strategy within your ads manager to make
this work extremely effective so if I
just show you one of my ads that brought
me one one specific meeting
look that is for example you know we've
tested so many different ads we've
tested these ads as well we just know
exactly what works right now that's
exactly the reason why we're so
profitable I spend a total of let me see
4,000 this is around
1.3k on ads we got a 9k payment back
which means we have a 878 ax Ras on our
um entry to asset ads which is
ridiculous right when I would run vsl
ads right now just general vsl ads I
would get a maybe one to two XR because
this Market is way too competitive how
can I compete with that ad sequence if
[__] other people out there I'm not
going to call names are promising you 10
to 20 clients within [__] two weeks
it's impossible you have to find an
angle based on what the market needs so
this is important to understand the
second one if we go and scroll down here
I have launched so many different ads on
now my banded ad account but as you can
see here these have been so extremely
profitable for me I have run so many
different ads so when I for example go
from January 1st to April let me see
sorry uh February then you can see that
I spent a decent amount of money and
what happened here is that we got on
average around 10 to 20 cents per
profile visit you can see that here
right we have the targeting we have the
adsets created we have everything set up
total spent 52k which is crazy right we
spend so much money on ads because we
just know what works and we make it
profitable so 52k a so that's around
like 12K us so when we go back to this
we can leverage action-driven ads
probably solution ads and credibility
driven ads action driven ads the ability
to make people pursue an action problem
solution ads making a problem aware
making people think presenting the
solution making them take an action to
not instead of like commenting something
just getting them to follow you
credibility driven ads hey this is me I
have a lot of authority I've achieved
this and this is where I want to get to
that is a credibility driven ad where
people instantly create where uh uh
create a sort of authority position so
you can start leading with actual value
and you can change this format as well
as you can see I've done that so many
different times I've changed this format
so many different times but it's not the
most important thing because we also
want to create Stories We want to create
a lot of different stories I have
created so many different types of
stories as you can see and I have done
this for the past one and a half year
every single day you can see that here
I'm scrolling down because I created
conversion constantly and there's a
specific sequence I made another video
about that on how to do story sequences
which is obviously very important to
understand but Nick I want to see the
[__] ads you know and before we dive
into the actual ads this is also what we
test as ads we test credibility driven
ads and these are basically stories that
we leverage within the ads manager we
don't boost anything when you're
boosting right now in 2025 I'll
guarantee you won't make anything
profitable because it's not the way to
pursue ATS right now that you can just
say oh if I click on a Boost button and
I do suggested audience it's going to
become profitable
that's a little bit too late for that
you know you should have been in the
market two years ago then it would have
worked but unfortunately right now
that's not the case my client's printing
money [__] 100K in three months the
third Carousel ads how do we actually
create high profit from the profile
funnel ad through getting DMS from
people so we can convert them with the
carousel strategy if you're an agency
right now imagine this you have a sales
process instead of doing the normal vssl
ads that every single agency right now
is doing you have to reposition yourself
first of all to a Consulting model
otherwise what I'm going to explain you
right now is not going to work second
thing let's say you have a profile even
for a consultant and you send traffic to
that whether you're a realtor or
consultant or you're in the agency
market or coaching Market what's going
to happen is you have social proof here
you have value here you lead with
sequences here and you have a website
whatever you get a Setter on board that
gets these people to convert all the
attention to convert and that gets
booked into qualified meetings it will
be so much easier to close deals this is
exactly how one of my clients into real
T nishe not with the agency model with
the Consulting model literally a done
with you service skill to $120,000 a
month in cash collected because being a
commodity competing with everyone is not
going to make you any money let me show
you right now I gain three to five
listings per month with our new listing
ad funnel for one of our real realtor
clients when you're a coach I make 1
million year with online coaching here
Five Lessons to hit your first 100K in 6
to 12 months only for high ticket
coaches the second one lead quality you
talk about one specific paino sell High
ticket prices for the coaching aspect
why does the traditional marketing not
work anymore right how do you become the
too agent within your Market the 90-day
listing machine and we can go on and on
and on and the same counts for the exact
coaching Market as you can see here
these ads are profitable whenever you're
targeting Carousel whenever you're
targeting video you have to run
different format and then story is also
an ad that you can boost within the ads
manager to make it profitable and that
are the type of creatives me and my
clients leverage to make this profitable
that is how I made
$150,000 and obviously we have a lot of
different ads that are testing and are
extremely profitable um this is just to
give you an idea of the type of video
ads you should run or the type of
Carousel ads you should run the type of
story sequences or you know like story
boost post you should run then extract
how do we extract cash from our audience
that we built from all the profile visit
all the engagement everything we need to
run story sequences and there is a
psychological Factor behind running
these story sequences first of all high
retention two girls two blonde Swedish
girls obviously right second one last
day last 26 days we booked 122 calls 98
show up I explain my exact sequence and
I show exactly how many meetings I book
every single day then client result
client result client result unlimited
client results of people winning with
the service and the system that we've
built for them that we've integrated
them Rob wasn't my client retreat in
Dubai then the second story sequence is
a lead magnet promotion as you can see
here we leverage pain points so what I
say is while you are struggling signing
one to 2K a month clients I get people
literally paying me 5 to 10K at the DMS
it's crazy you feel the fomo you feel
the pain and this is actually true
because we have the system
that gets you from signing 1 to 2K deals
to profiting 10K deals paid in full 9k
deals paid in full it's important right
because otherwise you cannot the amount
of risk that you take on as a Founder
signing one to 2K take 2K deals when you
scale a 50k is so much more than I'm
just signing 10 CL five clients for
10K the amount of fulfillment work that
you have the amount of responsibility
that you have it's ridiculous it's
ridiculous we leverage the ad sequence
and I show the ad sequence like I'm one
of the people that believes the fact of
sharing all the value away for free and
knowing that when I sell or sorry when I
give the implementation when I give the
information I'll sell the implementation
I sell the access right that's exactly
the reason why my clients become
profitable because nowadays information
hasn't got value so you need to separate
and understand how to create Market
segment to create product Market fit
with the right people people attract
these people get these people into your
process and then ultimately you will be
able to sell but they will never get
access to you and they will never want
to pay you if they don't know if you
have value to provide or not right then
um paradigm shift a complete uh sequence
based on my belief of the market right
now and then obviously we have free
Value Plus demand test which is a
different type of creation this is the
ads we run and you're watching a YouTube
video right now meaning if we run short
form content and run ads and do story
sequences is that enough could be it's a
good start it's for sure a good start
but we want to create long- firm assets
long firm adsets top of the funnel to
create awareness which I did here 12K
views like these have a lot of different
views right Vlogs full courses
storytelling top of the funnel awareness
but the middle of the funnel nurturing
client interviews and client breakdowns
are basically nurturing to get people to
be slightly converted and then we have B
off the funel conversion very Niche
specific explaining exactly what you
need to do to create conversion and this
is a system that is perfect for
conversion because imagine you lose out
on the
top I can never
have
32k followers if I don't have top of the
funnel content but at the same time I
can never make 150k a month from my 30k
followers if I don't have a bottom of
the funnel conversion so you need to
have all three which is extremely
important then after that sequence
obviously we have short fir content that
we need to create technically to create
scale sometimes we do a small launch I
had 300 inbound DMS within 24 hours and
I collected 101k cash in under three
weeks following this exact process but
if we don't have a Setter we'll never
make it work we technically cannot build
a system without a human that creates
conversion because the systems are not
optimized yet AI is not optimized that
good yet that we can replace it with
actual a players you can replace it with
virtual assistance but not a players
that have skill have product sense
product intuition and know how to create
Market um fit with the client including
you know within the conversation in the
DMS or making videos or sending them
assets anything so we have an entire
appointment setting recruitment process
whenever you want to get access to this
you can just reach out to me because
this will be very helpful for you to
actually get some someone great within
this system you will slowly be able to
create massive progress with this system
um this has made me $1.4 million in 2024
and Will Make Me Over $5 million in 2025
including the order entry to asset
funnel which is uh one of the most
profitable funnels right now in the
market it's like you you have to
understand like messaging is also so
extremely important because why can I
close 9k deals with a th spend on ads
and you can in the most saturated
market right I sc one of my clients to
$200,000 a month and this is the exact
sequence that we did and follow to
create that scale with him um it's it's
just so important to understand that
the way you brand yourself is the type
of people that you attract at the same
time people are tired of promises of
guarantees what I said in the beginning
of this video people are are so tired of
[__] the only thing that can separate
yourself is Being Human that is why I
don't like AI in every single aspect
because AI is going to replay so much in
this world where we don't even have the
opportunity to show ourselves anymore in
any aspect the only thing that will
replace us is us being human and maybe
that will even be replaced with AI
imagine that right getting close AI
getting close to being human that's
[__] crazy following this process one
of my clients caros hit $187,000 a month
in cash and the sequence with this was
first of all understanding how to build
the foundation of your actual Consulting
business because Carlos was stuck in his
agency making 5K a month like actually
3.5 he had seven clients paying him 500
bucks right now he makes $87,000 a month
it's ridiculous but the reason why is
because we had an analyzation call we
set expectations we set epis and we
outlined the exact road map we reverse
track the road map of exactly what
needed to happen in terms of input daily
with him and his team that we building
closers uh he has uh closer Setter and
then 2va client success
manager what was needed to scale is
building a foundation of knowing how
every single person within the company
needs and can hit their kpis daily right
we need to make it we are responsible
for the fact that they hit their keyp
eyes how do we make their work as easy
as possible so they do hit their daily
targets then building rining validating
your offer within the law firm Niche
then understanding the ICP to set a
clear targeting standard a pricing model
we create unique Market message by
leveraging three days of market research
data we leverage a personal branding
content assets testing and this was
within the at sequence this was not even
on on on social platforms we tested Leen
sources and choosing two primary ones
for optimal input and output then we
maximize momentum through leveraging
optimization lead flow campaigns this
wasn't the third month that we started
basically the second month um because we
started the end of May so Carlos
basically almost didn't make any money
within the first month I got to be very
honest he made like I think he got like
one two clients in the first month and
he never lost a single client after 6
months when you want to work with me and
you expect a client in two days I can
tell you to [__] off right now because I
don't need you like it's that simple I
can tell you right now don't book in a
call with me because I will I will not
be able to help you and I'll tell you
right now that nobody will be able to
help you you just got to fix your
mindset when that's actual your belief
okay and this obviously depends on the
situation that you're in I have some
clients that make 10K in their first
onboarding call lit like literally after
their onboarding call the next day they
make 10K but when you have a foundation
and you haven't optimized that
Foundation yet it's going to take you
two 4 weeks to revamp that Foundation
then the second month we hit our first
10K in cash collected and we started to
reprogram based on what the market
wanted I recorded my first testimonial
with Cal on my YouTube channel while we
implemented the growth team right hiring
we implemented right automations because
we were scaling we were in the scaling
process September we were doing really
good amazing client results a very good
foundation $50,000 a month Mr Right by
clients cons consistently paying till
the day of today Carlos hasn't lost one
single client because we created it in a
way where they are dependent on Carlos
and Carlos not dependent on them most of
you guys running an agency you are the
one that is dependent on the client you
don't even work at the right client so
it's in instantly hard to get them
results and then secondly they you
deliver for 90% you work 20 hours a week
to deliver and you won't be able to give
them any results because they're not the
right client and they even expect more
than that more than these 20 hours of
work that you did right so we pivoted at
M wave Corners in the beginning and
that's why you instantly got to 10K in 2
months um creating an Ascension lad to
scale that's how we really got to the
100 200k level um increasing throughput
improving adapting to Market analyzation
process so throughput right the amount
of processes that can go through one
system we increased that like tube for
us to have more people in the company
and get more [__] done every single
[__] time of the day because that was
necessary right when you want to skill
the bigger number numbers um hopefully
this video was valuable hopefully it
also gave you insights on knowing how to
pursue and how to take action from now
instead of you just running ads and
thinking you'll make it profitable think
about the content ecosystem that you
build the brand that you build agencies
say I don't need to have a brand I just
need to have a website if you really
believe that why are you not at 100K a
month right now and why is my order
client that has a very simple easy
website runs profile ads has a very
profitable Instagram makes 120,000 a
month why exactly that's exactly the
answer that you probably needed for you
to realize that brand awareness is
extremely important within this aspect
and creating the right optimizations
within ads is profitable I have some
other work to do right now for clients
so I'm going to get into that I'm going
to stop this video I want to show you
one thing I'm going to show you this
beautiful view I don't know if you can
hear me right now because I'm going to
walk away from the mic but the view of
where we're living right now [__]
insane
let me show
you isn't that [__]
crazy like you know what I mean isn't
that [__] crazy so this can happen in
life when you run profitable ads and
when you build a good funnel and the
most important thing when you build
something that you can be proud of
because so many people are doing things
to make money but the reason why it
isn't working is because they don't
actually enjoy what they serve and what
they built on meaning you can never
create potential I'm here I have a room
that is bigger than most people's house
which I'm extremely extreme extremely
grateful for I'm extremely grateful for
the fact that I have everything I want
in life for me to have the opportunity
to travel the world meet amazing people
and do whatever I want but this system
has or partially this system has gotten
me to this destination including
building the right operations obviously
building the right team everything but
life is good and I want you to enjoy it
at the same time I want you to build
something that actually gives you
fulfillment out of because nothing is
more important than getting fulfillment
out of your work I collected over $2
million in the online space and I can
tell you right now I would never on
board a single client that I don't
believe I can help I don't like the fact
of selling courses and selling
information the moment a client on
boards it's a one-on-one process for six
months in dep within their situation I'm
very preservative of my time I want to
make sure that I um spent my time with
the right people can reach out to me on
Instagram and you can ask me any
question you can check out my content
and we'll take it from there I'll see
you on the call if you book in a call do
yourself a favor because we have the
best solution in the market and I think
that's clear I've over 35 testimonials
in the last seven months on my Nick
setting testimonial Channel I appreciate
you watching I'm going to go bye